# platform-game
Simple 2D Platform Game  is a single-player game where the objective is to collect all the scatter coin in the area. You just need to collect all the coin in order to win the game. The purpose of the application is to give some free time after your work
The Simple 2D Platform Game was created using Python module that contains a multiple platforms that can use to developed different variety of application. The game is played in a simple windowed interface that comes with a sprites and backgrounds images. The player can play the game via keyboard bindings (Left Arrow Key to Move Left, Right Arrow Key to Move Right, and Up Arrow Key to Jump). The game is so simple your only goal is to collect all the coins in the stage you are within. Collecting coins will give new a score. Your character will die if you hit the fire that are place in different location, be careful and avoid the fire at any cost in order for you to win the game. This application is for educational purpose only, you are free to modify it as you fit your needs. The Simple 2D Platform Game is a simple arcade style game where your goal is to collect some object to win the game.
Simple 2D Platform Game with Source Code is a single-player game where the objective is to collect all the scatter coin in the area. You just need to collect all the coin in order to win the game. The purpose of the application is to give some free time after your work.
The purpose of the application is to give some free time after your work.
